Title: FAQ'S

Page Content:

Q: Is the MS in AI Systems a STEM-designated degree program?
A: Yes! The MS in AI Systems is a STEM designated degree. The program is offered by the Herbert Wertheim College of Engineering.

Q: Is the MS in AI Systems an online program?
A: No. The program is currently scheduled as an on-campus degree. Please stay tuned for updates!

Q: What is the minimum GPA requirement?
A: The University of Florida Graduate School requires an undergraduate grade point average (GPA) of 3.0 to be eligible for admission. Fulfillment of the minimum requirement does not guarantee an applicant’s acceptance into the program.

Q: Is GRE required for application?
A: No. The GRE is not required (nor reviewed) for application.

Q: Who can write my letters of recommendation?
A: Recommendation letters are typically written from former professors or industry professionals who can attest to the skills, character, and achievements of the individual seeking the recommendation.

Q: Can I transfer credits?
A: Yes, you can transfer up to 9 credits from equivalent graduate coursework. The advising team can help you with further transfer of credits questions.

Q: Are classes available over the summer?
A: No, not currently.

Q: Can I be part-time in the program?
A: Yes. Please work with your academic advisor to work out an academic plan.

Q: Are there opportunities for research?
A: Yes. The Herbert Wertheim College of Engineering offers numerous opportunities for students to pursue graduate research under the direction of a faculty member. These research opportunities personalize the academic experience and challenge students to strengthen their writing and analytical skills.
Links:
 - https://www.eng.ufl.edu/research/ai-experts/

Q: Are there TA/GA positions available?
A: Yes. You may seek these opportunities during your time as a student at the University of Florida.

Q: Does Duolingo test score can be used as English proficiency score?
A: No. Only official English proficiency tests are considered.

Q: What is the graduate tuition and living cost?
A: You may find this information in the student financial aid website: sfa.ufl.edu/cost/graduate-costs/ .
Links:
 - https://www.sfa.ufl.edu/cost/graduate-costs/
